Fixing README typos (#583)
openshift-kni/cnf-features-deploy: cnf-tests/README.md

Discovery mode allows to validate the functionality of a cluster without altering its configuration. Existing environment configuration will be used for the tests. The tests will attempt to find the configuration items needed, and use those items to execute the tests. If resources needed to run a specific test are not found, the test will be skipped (providing an appropriate message to the user). After the tests are finished, no cleanup of the preconfigured configuration items is done, and the test environment can immediately be used for another test run.

> Some configuration items are still created by the tests. These are specific items needed for a test to run, such as an Sriov Network. These configuration items are created in custom namespaces and are cleaned up after the tests are executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some configuration items are still created by the tests. These are specific items needed for a test to run, such as an Sriov Network. These configuration items are created in custom namespaces and are cleaned up after the tests are executed.
```

Most SRIOV test require the following resources:

- SriovNetworkNodePolicy
- at least one with the resource specified by SriovNetworkNodePolicy being allocatable (a resource count of at least 5 is considered sufficient)

Some tests have additional requirements:

- an unused device on the node with available policy resource (with link state DOWN and not a bridge slave)

> - an SriovNetworkNodePolicy with an MTU value of 9000

Reviewer 2: AFAIK "an" is incorrect here
https://www.quickanddirtytips.com/education/grammar/a-versus-an

Author: It is correct because it is read as "EsArAiOVee" (unless I am mistaken), and since the beginning sound is a vowel (e) it should be preceded by "an", just like "an hour" (an AuEr) as explained in the link you sent.

Reviewer 3: @mgourin is right though this is counter-intuitive.

#### DPDK tests

The DPDK related tests require:

- a PerformanceProfile

> - an SRIOV policy

Reviewer 2: here too

Author: same as above

### Limiting the nodes used during tests.

> The nodes on which the tests will be executed can be limited by means of specifying a `NODES_SELECTOR` environment variable. Any resources created by the test will then be limited to the specified nodes.

Reviewer 3: For clarity, maybe this could be reworked a bit to remove some of the passive voice:

```suggestion
Specifying a `NODES_SELECTOR` environment variable can limit the nodes which will be chosen for test execution. Any resources created by the test will then be limited to the specified nodes.
```

Reviewer: /Suggestions
```suggestion
The nodes on which the tests will be executed can be limited by means of specifying a `NODES_SELECTOR` environment variable. Any resources created by the test will then be limited to the specified nodes.
```
